Define anymissing (#114)
JuliaData/Missings.jl: README.md

- `allowmissing` and `disallowmissing` to convert between `Vector{T}` and `Vector{Union{T, Missing}}`
- `passmissing` to wrap a function so that it returns `missing` if any of its positional arguments is `missing`
- `levels` to get the unique values in a vector excluding `missing` and in their preferred order

> - `hasmissing` to see if an iteratable has any `missing` values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hasmissing` to check whether an iterable has any `missing` values
```
